Integrate OAuth 0.17.0 `grantType` configuration (#11757)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/appendix_crds.adoc

|clientAudience
|string
|The audience to use when making requests to the authorization server's token endpoint. Used for inter-broker authentication and for configuring OAuth 2.0 over PLAIN using the `clientId` and `secret` method.
|clientGrantType
|string

> |The grant type to use when making requests to the authorization server's token endpoint. Used for inter-broker authentication and for configuring OAuth 2.0 over PLAIN using the `clientId` and `secret` method.

Author: Hmmm, interesting point here. Actually in the context of Strimzi Operator it is never used for inter-broker authentication since that is always configured with mTLS.

What about:
```suggestion
|The grant type to use when making requests to the authorization server's token endpoint. Used for `OAuth over PLAIN` when `username` and `password` passed via SASL_PLAIN client authentication are passed on to the authorization server as `clientId` and `secret`.
```

> |The grant type to use when making requests to the authorization server's token endpoint. Used for inter-broker authentication and for configuring OAuth 2.0 over PLAIN using the `clientId` and `secret` method.

Reviewer: Looking at the concepts elsewhere in the docs, what about:

The grant type used when the client requests a token from the authorization server. For the SASL/PLAIN authentication mechanism, setting `clientGrantType` allows the username and password provided in the client configuration to be passed to the authorization server as  `clientId` and `secret` when exchanging credentials.

|saslExtensions
|map
|SASL extensions parameters.
|grantType
|string

> |OAuth grant type to use when authenticating against the authorization server. This value defaults to `client_credentials` when `clientId` and `clientSecret` are specified.

Author: Actually this override only works for client credentials mechanism, the setting is ignored otherwise. 

```suggestion
|A custom OAuth grant type to use when authenticating with `clientId` and `clientSecret` against the authorization server. This value defaults to `client_credentials`. This can be used with custom authorization server implementations.
```

This explicitly says when the configuration would take effect - only with `clientId` and `clientSecret`.
Alternatively, we could make it even more explicit by naming the property `clientCredentialsGrantType`.
